Enhance sizes documentation for next/image (#39301)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/future/image.md

### sizes

A string that provides information about how wide the image will be at different breakpoints. The value of `sizes` will greatly affect performance for images using [`fill`](#fill) or which are styled to have a responsive size.

The `sizes` property serves two important purposes related to image performance:

> First, the value of `sizes` is used by the browser to determine which size of the image to download, from `next/future/image`'s automatically-generated source set. When the browser chooses, it does not yet know the size of the image on the page, so it selects an image that is just larger than the viewport. The `sizes` property allows you to tell the browser that the image will actually be smaller than full screen. If you don't specify a `sizes` value, a default value of `100vw` (full screen width) is used.

Reviewer: >If you don't specify a `sizes` value, a default value of `100vw` (full screen width) is used.

Thats not true for `next/future/image`, right? Or rather, its only true if `fill` is assigned maybe?

Author: Yeah that's true. I updated to mention `fill` mode

Second, the `sizes` property configures how `next/future/image` automatically generates an image source set. If no `sizes` value is present, a small source set is generated, suitable for a fixed-size image. If `sizes` is defined, a large source set is generated, suitable for a responsive image. If the `sizes` property includes sizes such as `50vw`, which represent a percentage of the viewport width, then the source set is trimmed to not include any values which are too small to ever be necessary.

For example, if you know your styling will cause an image to be full-width on mobile devices, in a 2-column layout on tablets, and a 3-column layout on desktop displays, you should include a sizes property such as the following:

```js
import Image from 'next/future/image'
// ...

> ;<Image

Reviewer 2: Let's wrap this in a component so it's easily copy/pastable? Will also fix the ; issue

Author: I added a `<div className="grid-element">` wrapper, to give some context as to how to interpret this code snippet. To actually use the code you would need an additional grid container, and some flexbox styling, etc, which I'm afraid would make the snippet sort of unwieldy and take focus away from the `sizes` example value. Let me know if you think this new version works

> ;<div className="grid-element">

Reviewer 2: Should we revert or fix this forward? The semicolon and broken formatting will go live (we're currently pointing docs at canary, maybe we need to flip that back).

Reviewer 3: This was updated in https://github.com/vercel/next.js/commit/e2119c068f5dc7533032749e42a3b4d891abb091

### sizes

A string that provides information about how wide the image will be at different breakpoints. The value of `sizes` will greatly affect performance for images using [`fill`](#fill) or which are styled to have a responsive size.

The `sizes` property serves two important purposes related to image performance:

> First, the value of `sizes` is used by the browser to determine which size of the image to download, from `next/future/image`'s automatically-generated source set. When the browser chooses, it does not yet know the size of the image on the page, so it selects an image that is just larger than the viewport. The `sizes` property allows you to tell the browser that the image will actually be smaller than full screen. If you don't specify a `sizes` value in an image with the `fill` property, a default value of `100vw` (full screen width) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the value of `sizes` is used by the browser to determine which size of the image to download, from `next/future/image`'s automatically-generated source set. When the browser chooses, it does not yet know the size of the image on the page, so it selects an image that is the same size or larger than the viewport. The `sizes` property allows you to tell the browser that the image will actually be smaller than full screen. If you don't specify a `sizes` value in an image with the `fill` property, a default value of `100vw` (full screen width) is used.
```
